Ah, be awesome
Welcome
point
Liang I love you
I Love You
I love your sister, I also call advertising me
Love you too Lea I love you too
Lea, I love you too
Miss Leah
And your opinion on the entertainment industry
Please
Answer what people are saying about you online
Okay, okay, okay.
Everyone be quiet
I am Leah Leqing Skill Lu Yao
I invite you to the press conference today
To make an announcement
I don't know.
Hello, media friends.
I am Yi Ya
Thank you for your continued attention.
Next, I am ready to enter the film and television industry
I hope you will continue to support me.
I will make every movie well
Live up to the expectations of my fans and friends
awesome
Amazing
Big news, big news.
Leah is going to enter the film industry to make movies